applications: nrf_desktop: Support multiple variants of _def.h files (#6211)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/ble_discovery.rst

#. Set the :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_GATT_CLIENT` Kconfig option to enable support for the GATT Client role.
#. Set the :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_GATT_DM` Kconfig option to enable the :ref:`gatt_dm_readme`.
   The :ref:`gatt_dm_readme` is used by the ``ble_discovery`` application module.
#. Define the module configuration in the configuration file specified by the :kconfig:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DISCOVERY_DEF_PATH option.
   The configuration file should be placed in the board-specific directory in the application configuration directory.
   You must define the following parameters for every nRF Desktop peripheral that connects with the given nRF Desktop central:

>    * Parameters common for all the peripherals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Make sure to specify the configuration file in the :kconfig:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DISCOVERY_DEF_PATH` option and that the file is located in the board-specific directory in the application configuration directory.
#. Define the module configuration in the configuration file by defining the following parameters for every nRF Desktop peripheral that connects with the given nRF Desktop central:

   * Parameters common for all the peripherals:
```
Would the user be able to find this Kconfig option when going through these steps?

Author: I don't see why not, its well described, step by step. Suggestion applied.

> #. Define the module configuration in the configuration file specified by the :kconfig:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DISCOVERY_DEF_PATH` option.
>    The configuration file should be placed in the board-specific directory in the application configuration directory.
>    You must define the following parameters for every nRF Desktop peripheral that connects with the given nRF Desktop central:
> 
>    * Parameters common for all the peripherals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Make sure that the configuration file is located in the board-specific directory in the application configuration directory.
#. Set the :kconfig:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DISCOVERY_DEF_PATH`  Kconfig option to point to the module configuration in the configuration file.
    The option is by default set to point to the :file:`port_state_def.h` file. 
#. In the module configuration, define the following parameters for every nRF Desktop peripheral that connects with the given nRF Desktop central:

   * Parameters common for all the peripherals:
 ```
